Be yourself.
Take a deep breath.
Unclench your jaw.
Relax your shoulders.
Get some sleep.
It's okay to make mistakes.
Saying a few nice words to someone can go a long way.
It's okay to admit you were wrong.
Healing is a process.
Control what you can, work with what you can't.
Drink some water.
You’re probably luckier than you think you are.
Stop hunching over.
Cancel that one subscription you signed up for free before it charges you.
You can handle this.
You've come this far. Don't stop now... Don't ever stop.
Stay humble.
Invest in your future.
Time will pass whether you do nothing or you do something, so you might as well do something.
You are a beautiful person.
Believe in yourself.
This, too, shall pass.
Be kind.
Being human means you are subject to change and should try to adapt to it as you live.
You don’t have to set yourself on fire to keep others warm.
Short cuts make long delays.
Perfection is the enemy of good.
Slow down the speed at which you form an opinion on things you don't fully understand.
Go outside and get some fresh air.
Go outside and get some sun.
You are enough.
Cheer yourself on.
You are amazing.
You can do anything you set your mind to.
It's okay to be sad.
Say, out loud, "I love me".
Say, out loud, "I am awesome".
Say, out loud, "I am loved".
Say, out loud, "My life has value".
Do good for others.
You can't always be nice. That's how people take advantage of you. Sometimes you have to set boundaries.
Everything will be okay.
You're doing great! Keep it up!
Be the type of person you want to meet.
Make it happen. Shock everyone.
You owe it to yourself to become everything you've dreamed of.
Be grateful for where you are in life.
Be excited about where you are going in life.
The best time to start is right now.
Trust in the process.
You don't always need a plan.
You just need to take the first step.
Love yourself first.
No matter how you feel, never give up.
Never put the key to your happiness in someone else's pocket.
You were given this life because you are strong enough to live it.
Not Doing Anything can be an event on your calendar.
Take time for yourself.